Update cross-origin isolation related articles (#5101)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/coop-coep/index.md

{% Aside %}
This article is aimed at those who would like to get their websites ready for

> using `SharedArrayBuffer`, WebAssembly Threads,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using `SharedArrayBuffer`, WebAssembly threads,
```

#### 1. Set the `Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin` header on the top-level document

By enabling `COOP: same-origin` on a top-level document, windows with the same
origin, and windows opened from the document, will have a separate browsing
context group unless they are in the same origin with the same COOP setting.
Thus, isolation is enforced for opened windows and mutual communication between
both windows is disabled.

{% Aside 'caution' %}

This will break integrations that require cross-origin window interactions such
as OAuth and payments. To mitigate this problem, we are [exploring relaxing the
condition](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/6364) to enable cross-origin
isolation to `Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy: same-origin-allow-popups`. This way
the communication with the window opened by itself will be possible.

If you want to enable cross-origin isolation but are blocked by this issue, we
recommend [registering for an origin
trial](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/enabling-shared-array-buffer/#origin-trial)

> and wait until the new condition will be available. We are not planning to
> terminate the origin trial until this issue can be safely resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and waiting until the new condition is available. We are not planning to
terminate the origin trial until this issue is safely resolved.
```

  `Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy: cross-origin` header if possible.
* For cross origin resources that you have no control over:
    * Use the `crossorigin` attribute in the loading HTML tag if the resource is

>       served with CORS. (ex: `<img src="***" crossorigin>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      served with CORS. (For example, `<img src="***" crossorigin>`.)
```

Chrome.
{% endAside %}

{% Aside 'caution' %}

We've been exploring ways to deploy `Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy` at scale, as
cross-origin isolation requires all subresources to explicitly opt-in. And we
have come up with the idea of going in the opposite direction: [a new COEP
"credentialless" mode](https://github.com/mikewest/credentiallessness/) that
allows loading resources without the CORP header by stripping all their

> credentials. We are working out how it should work in detail, but we hope this
> will lighten your burden of making sure the subresources are sending the
> `Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credentials. We are figuring out the details of how it should work, but we hope this
will lighten your burden of making sure the subresources are sending the
`Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy` header.
```

If you want to enable cross-origin isolation but are blocked by this, we
recommend [registering for an origin
trial](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/enabling-shared-array-buffer/#origin-trial)

> and wait until the new mode is available. We are not planning to terminate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and waiting until the new mode is available. We are not planning to terminate the
```
